Qin Ngoc Phong
What do you want?
You let me throw in there this afternoon, what did you say I wanted to do?
You wanted to kill me.
This idiot might even know my purpose.
Okay.
It's against the law to kill people, just us?
I killed you.
Right? That's right, the second young master assured.
Destroy the world, I've done my best.
Give it to me.
Do it, Holy Lin.
Don't blame me.
If you want to blame, your life is not good.
Do it, wait.
That third brother, right?
Tiger and I are good brothers, if you kill me.
Tigers will not ignore you.
You are a tiger.
Of course.
Sengo, don't let this idiot fool you.
The Tiger family's fate is sacred.
How do you know that kind of idiot?
It's Sam.
So you give me 10 minutes.
I'll call Tiger.
Then I'll give you 10 minutes.